# kobra3v2_cura_conf
My anycubic Kobra 3 v2 cura config

**This config will work, but the printer will complain about missing instructions (error 10133)**

I am not sure why this error persists, as the top of the file looks very similar to the ones generated by the anycubic slicer, but it will still work nonetheless

## Thoughts and research

For starters, any gcode generated by the anycubic slicer comes with a small thumbnail at the top of the file. This is encoded in b64. If you want to add an image in that format to the top of your gcode file you can use my [repo](https://github.com/SamBkamp/AnycubicSlicerImageIntractor/tree/main) with relevant scripts.

The anycubic slicer also generates some propreitary gcode that the printer can interpret. For example the G9111 code which is not standard to Marlin, RepRap or Klipper. Based on how its used, it seems to be to set the bed temp and extruder temp once at the top of the file. I do not know how this plays with the M104 and M140 standard gcode commands which usually sets these things but they are also used by Anycubic-sliced gcode files to turn off the bed and extruder. I also do not know why Anycubic decided to reimplement this feature to begin with, especially if theyre going to use the standard Marlin commands anyway. Compatibility for this is included in this config file in the "start gcode" section.

There also exists a section at the of anycubic-sliced gcode labelled by "; AnycubicSlicer_config = begin" and "; AnycubicSlicer_config = end". This seemingly contains a bunch of config options, including configs that declare how comments between layer changes look like. I do not know why this exists. I assume this is for reversing gcode placed in the slicer as it also includes lines for the bed custom model, texture and size. This section also includes information about the thumbnail including file type and size (which is also declared above the thumbnail and inside the actual thumbnail data, so again im not sure why this needs to be mentioned 3 different times).

#### ACE pro compatibility

I have included a seperate json file for use with the ACE pro, it **should** allow for multi coloured extrustion. They all use the same extruder definition file because they are technically all the same extruder, however the printer utilises the tool change GCODE infrastructure to switch filaments (t0, t1 and so on) **I HAVE NOT TESTED THIS YET BUT IF YOU DO PLEASE SUBMIT A PR WITH AN IMAGE OR SOMETHING THANK YOU**
